DSE 6.8.35 release notes (#101)
datastax/release-notes: DSE_6.8_Release_Notes.md

DSE 6.8.x is compatible with Apache Cassandra&trade; 3.11 and adds additional production-certified changes, if any.
Components that are indicated with an asterisk (&ast;) (if any) are known to be updated since the prior patch version.

# Release notes for 6.8.35
10 May 2023

## Components versions for DSE 6.8.35
 * Apache Solr™ 6.0.1.4.2959
 * Apache Spark™ 2.4.0.27
 * Apache TinkerPop™ 3.4.14-20230215-3db1ca33
 * Apache Tomcat® 8.5.87
 * DSE Java Driver 1.10.0-dse-20220616 (DSE *internal-only* version)
 * Netty 4.1.86.1.dse
 * Spark JobServer 0.8.0.53

**NOTE**: above-listed DSE Java Driver is an _internal-version_ only.
If you're developing applications, please refer to the [Java Driver documentation](https://docs.datastax.com/en/driver-matrix/doc/java-drivers.html) to choose an appropriate version.

## 6.8.35 DSE Core

> * Fixed regression in KMIP encryption introduced in DSP-22164. Moved the logic required for using old HashiVault KMIP under the feature flag `switch experimental_custom_attributes_mode` in dse.yaml kmip_hosts per-kmip-group settings. (DSP-23278)

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixed regression in KMIP encryption introduced in DSP-22164. Moved the logic required for using old HashiVault KMIP under the feature flag `experimental_custom_attributes_mode` in dse.yaml, defined per kmip_hosts.per-kmip-group section. (DSP-23278)
```

Reviewer: Fine.
